---
layout: post
author: Kauri Beckmann
title: Notepad
lang: English
version: Secret
ref: Notepad
---

Total visits to this site <span id="busuanzi_value_site_pv"></span> times 
Number of visitors to this site<span id="busuanzi_value_site_uv"></span> 
This article has been read <span id="busuanzi_value_page_pv"></span> times in total 

##### write to Romina

Hi Romina,

Attached you will find the spreadsheet filled to the best of my ability.
I also attached:
University graduation certificate
Birth certificate
Passport

I put my partner's address in Köln for the time being. I have not filled out the sections regarding insurance, tax or salary.

With respect to health insurance - 
If I understand correctly, once I am employed I can register for public health insurance. In the meantime I believe I may need travel insurance or similar beforehand for the residency permit process? That would not be a problem.

Let me know if there's anything else you will need from me at the minute :)

Cheers,
Kauri

For various reasons I don't think I could provide any of the other suggested documents.


Hi Arkadii,

I was speaking with Ting about the possibility to move in in January.
x


##### Sonntag 3. December

Hallo Miguel,

Ich schreibe über Ihre Anzeige auf wg-gesucht.

Ich heiße Kauri Beckmann. Ich bin 27, und habe meinen Job in Neuseeland als Bauingenieur Tragwerksplanung vor ein Jahr aufgegeben, mit dem Rucksack zu skifahren, wandern und campen über Europa. Für vielen Gründen wähle ich in München zu besiedeln und hier den nächsten Schritt von Leben zum anfangen.

I think I will fit your atmosphere well and get along with your flatmates. Other people have written about me:
"not only is he super easy going with an open attitude, it’s also nice to experience this usualy hippyish character mixed with an settled and forward oriented way of living."
"that kind of guy which you meet for the first time and you feel like you have been friends for ever... easy going, interested in German culture and language, clean and helpful."

I start a new job on Munich in January, with Hotel Augustin, just a few steps from your apartment.

Would love to hear back :)

Cheers,
Kauri

Ting
Regarding move-in date, I start work 13 Jan so ideally it would be then - but I could arrange temporary accommodation if required. When are you thinking to move out? 

I am currently in Munich until Tuesday so we could link up tomorrow to check out the flat.
What's the situation with the landlord, who is it, what's the tenant structure?
What documentation will I need to provide?


##### Deinstag 28. November

Ich komme aus Neuseelend, ich war Bauingenieur Tragwerksplanung vor feur Jahre.
Aber ich hatte eine flüchtige Erfahrung in einer Herberge, die mich inspirierte, eine Karriere im Hotelgewerbe zu machen.

__________________

Hallo Stephanie,

Wie geht's? Es ist eine Weile her, ich bleibe züruck in Deutschland und lerne hart die Sprache :)
Ich wurde euch gerne in Overath besuchen, villeicht für manche Tage um nächte Wochenende, wile ich Julie auch erwischen möchte. Vie geht das dir und den Mädchen?

Cheers,
Kauri

It's been a while but I'm back in Germany and studying hard the language :) I'm thinking of coming to Overath to visit you, maybe for a some days next weekend since I would like to catch Julia as well! How would that suit you and the girls?



Cheers,
Kauri

##### Samstag 25. November

I am creating Anki flash cards for the German language, and you are going to help me design the cards. Assume that our student is generally familiar with only the most common nouns, verbs and prepositions in German. When I present you a German word, you will present me with a number of simple sentences or sentence fragments utilizing this word in a simple, natural context; along with a simple english translation resembling the sentence structure as close as practicable.

If I provide you with a noun, you will repeat the word, along with the most common translation(s), then provide two examples. Prefer singular, but if plural is very common, then you can use plural. Utilize nominative, accusative and dative cases. For example: 
Me: das Haus
You: das Haus
the house
Das Haus ist groß und schön.
The house is big and beautiful.
Wir haben ein neues Haus gekauft.
We have bought a new house.
Ich gehe zum Haus meiner Oma.
I am going to my grandma's house.

User
If I provide you with a verb, you will repeat the word, along with the most common translation(s), then provide six examples, utilizing basic forms of the verb.
Two examples: Utilize the conjugated, first-person plural present case.
Two examples: Utilizes the auxiliary and participle.
Two examples: Utilizes the Infinitive (past tense)
For example:
Me: warten
You: warten
to wait
Ich muss auf den Zug warten.
I must wait for the train.
Haben Sie hier schon lange gewartet?
Have you been waiting here long?
Ich warte für meine Freunde.
I am waiting for my friends.

Let's start with:
die Blume

Can you format these so i can copy into a spreadsheet? Two columns only, one for German and one for English. Include an additional row for the original word and translation.





##### Fritag 24. November

Hello Romina,

Thankyou, I had a few comments about your offer. Happy to chat about it on the phone!

I will be available for employment from mid-January, say the 13th.

I would be expecting closer to €2,500/mo, in line with comparable roles advertised in Munich, for housekeeping with minimal experience.

I know the accommodation situation in Munich is chaotic however for me a hostel room will not suit. Would it be possible to speak with Andrew about an arrangement? Staff at Euro Youth Hostel are paying ~€260/mo for a basic private room. A competitive market wage and a cost-effective accommodation would make the opportunity much more attractive.

You are more than welcome to speak with my past employers who will testify to my professional competence, approach with clients, work ethic, etc.

Kind regards,

Kauri
+49 176 280 66521

##### Samstag 18. November

Sehr geehrte Frau Nora Steinleitnen,

Herr Elvis Allajbeu und ich hatten gerade eine schöne Besprechung. Leider geht die Position als Frühstückmitarbeiter für mich nicht.

Ich bin immer noch interessiert für die Stelle als Head of F&B. Ich würde gerne nächste Woche vorbeikommen, um Sie zu treffen und mit Ihnen zu teilen, wie meine Fähigkeiten und mein Hintergrund im Ingenieursmanagement und im Gesundheits- und Sicherheitsmanagement zum Team von Wombat's beitragen würden.

viele Grüße,
Kauri Beckmann

Hi Elvis,

Thankyou for your time today. As discussed, unfortunately a position for only one day per week would not suit. 

As described in the application, my skills and background in engineering management and health and safety management align well with the role.
, aber das ist leider nicht für mich möglich. 

##### Donnerstag 16. November

Yes it is currently very off?? while I am in the middle of my sample collection phase.

Danke Juliet, Ich habe Unsicherheit uber die näschte woche (finde ich später eine Jugendherberge). Komme ich nach München zu treffe mit Freunden und eine coupfel präsumative Arbeitgeber. Wie ist ihre Schedule in der Woche? Ich liebe noch zu treffen, villeicht würde ich kommen zu kochen ein Essen in einer anderen Nacht?

Ob ich richtig gedenke, du hattest im Juli Proben-sammel Phase beginnen sollen? Hahah, was gibt?


Also you can sleep in my wohngemeinshaft

Unfortunately I won't be there this weekend because during the day I collect samples and in the evenings I'm with Gordon at the theatre - so, full schedule.

We can tomorrow afternoon either meet at my house or by the Institute fur the key transfer; I don't know how long I'll have to work for.

Ok, dankeschön! 


Hello Mr Fischnaller,

I'm disappointed to hear that. From our meeting I thought the role would be a great fit - I would appreciate your feedback to understand what has let me down in the application.

I would also still be open to another interview if I can clear up any doubts about my capabilities or motivations. I am in Munich for some days if you would like to meet in person.

Cheers,
Kauri


Hallo Mr Fischnaller,

Es enttäuscht mir, das zu hören. Aus unsere Besprechung ich habe positive Einstellung gedacht - ich würde Feedback schätzen, zu verstehen was mich die Bewerbung enttäuschen hat.

Ich bin noch offen zu ein anderes Gespräch wenn ich Zweifel über meiner Kompetenz oder Motivationen aufklären kann. Ich bleibe jetzt für einige Tage in Munchen, wenn Sie persönlich sich treffen möchten.

viele Grüße,
Kauri Beckmann

