---
layout: post
author: Kauri Beckmann
title: Notepad
noindex: true
lang: English
version: Secret
ref: Notepad
---


##### Deinstag 09. January 2024

Email to Jade's seller

Hi xx,

As per [Elif's] recent email, I understand this [Management company beneficiary] has a £1 rent charge on the property, granting them additional rights over the Freehold title. This not only impacts the current value of the title but also has potential repercussions on my mortgage terms. Regardless of the bank's perspective, it is likely to influence future negotiations for the same reason as it is today. In order to remove this rent charge, a Deed of Variation with [Management company beneficiary] would be required; a rather costly process that I would either need to negotiate myself, or anticipate the cost to be borne by a future purchaser. It is furthermore concerning that their unwillingness in negotiating any Deed of Variation.

I was previously in discussion with a number of mortgage lenders, and currently, I find the terms offered by Halifax more than satisfactory. Switching lenders at this point would be highly unfavourable in my view.

Another matter, we previously established that the property is situated on a historical landfill. Although this hasn't technically affected the ongoing sale, it introduces an additional risk of settlement and foundational damage. While the risk is deemed low, it is important to note that any associated costs would be the responsibility of the property owner. Additionally, I am aware that the discovery of this issue would impact insurance rates. [technically-insurance-should-care-right?] Initially, I was willing to accept the cost of this risk; however, given my intention to renegotiate, I believe it is pertinent to bring it to our attention now.

I am still considering the potential financial impact of these issues but at this stage I would suggest they have a combined impact of £10,000. Naturally I am keen to negotiate a mutually beneficial resolution here.

Kind regards,
xx






##### Donnerstag 28. December 2023

Alternatively, I have no obligations before February - I could consider moving into the flat from 10 Jan - 10 Feb, paying the month's rent, and treating this as the month's notice period.

I am also sending an article with the legal texts.

Hi Benjamin,

"Die gesuchte Seite wurde leider nicht gefunden." I think I was able to find the relevant article, however I believe I am still acting within my rights.

The contract appears to be a fixed-term contract limited to 2 years. Fixed-term contracts must always be in writing.

"Für die rechtswirksame Zusage zum Mietvertragsabschluss bedarf es der eigenhändigen Unterschrift auf dem Originalvertrag von Mieter und Vermieter. Der Abschluss eines befristeten Mietvertrags ist regelmäßig nicht per Email, Whatsapp oder SMS möglich."

Therefore, I question the validity of any supposed verbal agreement. And here is the legal text: https://www.mietrecht.org/mietvertrag/mietvertrag-per-e-mail-whatsapp-sms/#I-3

And the need for a written agreement is obvious. Naturally the details of a contract are important and these details aren't effectively communicated otherwise. There are some clauses in the subtenancy contract that I disagree with or did not expect. For example, I was under the impression the contract should start at 14 January; I just noticed it is different on the contract now. I also have some uncertainties regarding the rental period. 

Between receiving the subtenancy contract and my rejection there has been only two working days; I have responded as quickly as reasonably practicable. Considering I waited over three weeks to receiving a written contract, I did not have the chance to inspect any details. Even now I have still not seen the main rental contract so I do not know the full details of what I would be agreeing to. I have been pressured by a lack of time and information and have been unable to make an informed decision.

Maybe more importantly, in Germany the Landlord must advise the Tenant about their statutory rights of cancellation. As per the Fernabsatzgesetz I still hold the right to withdrawal for the rental contract:
https://wohnmixx.de/blog/?mietvertrag-und-mietvertragsaenderung-als-fernabsatzvertrag-mit-14--taegigem-widerrufsrecht-

Not to mention that I reserve the right of cancellation on the basis that I have not yet inspected the apartment.

Kind regards,
Kauri




Another issue is that, as per previous discussions I was never informed about the minimum rental period. I was under the impression that the contract would be a fixed-term contract with possibility to extend, which could not be concluded without written contract. This is the problem with waiting three weeks to send the contract when I expected to have ample time to review. I still have not seen the full contract yet.






##### Sonntag 24. December 2023

Romina Leppelt <leppelt@augustin-hotel.com>

Section 1.4
Section 3.6
Query typical working hours, and how far in advance we typically know the shifts?
For example according to the contract,

Hi Romina,

I understand an electronic signature will not be suitable? I will next be in Munich around 11th January.

Could you clarify, with respect to the working hours, how far in advance do we typically know our shifts, and how is that communicated?





#####

Total visits to this site <span id="busuanzi_value_site_pv"></span> times 
Number of visitors to this site<span id="busuanzi_value_site_uv"></span> 
This article has been read <span id="busuanzi_value_page_pv"></span> times in total 

##### Samstag 9. December 2023

Amelie,

I really appreciate the 
open atmosphere, your patience and,
your genuine passion for hospitality.

Teach German.
Thankyou being such a hospitality person. 

For me it is so touching that you operate for the

Hi Amelie,

Thankyou for your love of hospitality, provided without judgement or expectation, with the warmth and patience that only a mother knows. I might as well have been a big baby, with my babbling German lack of skills. Thanks also for lending me a bike! Darmstadt suddenly becomes a whole lot smaller when you can get around efficiently.

I really enjoyed the laughs and smiles over our breakfasts; and beautifully chaotic dinner, and sipping tea together past bedtime. Even though Max was away for work, I still felt that I was in his home. With homely decorations that include lots and lots of pictures, and from the way you spoke about him, I am sure he is a beautiful person, and you are a beautiful family.

Ich freue mich darauf, ihren wiederzusehen :)

Alles liebe,
Kauri


##### Mittwoch 6. December 2023

Du hast um 7.30 und 9 Uhr zwei Besprechungen mit deine möchlicher künftiger Mitbewohner! 

What language are you normally speaking in when you're together?
Ich möchte das nicht ändern, wile ich gerne oft Deutsch sprachen werde.
Aber für heute glaube ich, kann ich nicht mein selbst genuk aussprechen.

7.30: Besprechung mit Andrea, Alex und Marie.
Ihren Vermieter heißt Benjamin.
Sie leben eine gröse Wohnung um Großhaderner Straße
Marie - Berlin, teacher english and music and gymnasium
Alex - Optician, retail eyewear, from where?
Andrea - Student, ask what she studies! She is supposed to be studying right now?
But, who's the fourth tenant? Karaoke is a goodbye-party?





Things we can do together:
Biergarten
Gröswien & Karaoke
I love to cook, and I have a habit of cooking meals way too large... So I imagine often we could share meals together :D

I'll be bringing my chessboard, and study sometimes in the lounge. I'm also a good teacher, and for you, lessons are half-price :P

And on the weekends I would look for as 
I have a little book about the Allgau mountains. I would be planning to go to the Alps as often as I can, for day hikes, trail runs and overnight hikes, depending when and who is coming :D

Lucia and I love card games and board games; I wonder what sort of games you guys play?

If we talk about the open door policy:
Yes, it's no problem. Hopefully I like staying in my room as well, but for me that's what the lounge is made for.

I was a bit confused about the layout of the room - it's on the bottom floor, but with a sloped room. The second story is a bit smaller?
What does it mean, "Ein neuer Boden soll auch kommen."

My girlfriend is currently in California on Erasmus finishing soon, and returns to Munich officially for the semester in April. Between February and April she wants to travel, catch up with friends and family, and spend some time on her Master's Thesis.

Maybe between February and April she might have her own place in Munich already, maybe not.
So I was wondering, what's an appropriate level of hospitality to offer?







9:00: Besprechung mit Jörg (er lebt mit Miguel und Bart)


10:15: Treffen with Amelie und ihre Tochter



##### write to Romina

Hi Romina,

Attached you will find the spreadsheet filled to the best of my ability.
I also attached:
University graduation certificate
Birth certificate
Passport

I put my partner's address in Köln for the time being. I have not filled out the sections regarding insurance, tax or salary.

With respect to health insurance - 
If I understand correctly, once I am employed I can register for public health insurance. In the meantime I believe I may need travel insurance or similar beforehand for the residency permit process? That would not be a problem.

Let me know if there's anything else you will need from me at the minute :)

Cheers,
Kauri

For various reasons I don't think I could provide any of the other suggested documents.


Hi Arkadii,

I was speaking with Ting about the possibility to move in in January.
x


##### Sonntag 3. December

Hallo Miguel,

Ich schreibe über Ihre Anzeige auf wg-gesucht.

Ich heiße Kauri Beckmann. Ich bin 27, und habe meinen Job in Neuseeland als Bauingenieur Tragwerksplanung vor ein Jahr aufgegeben, mit dem Rucksack zu skifahren, wandern und campen über Europa. Für vielen Gründen wähle ich in München zu besiedeln und hier den nächsten Schritt von Leben zum anfangen.

I think I will fit your atmosphere well and get along with your flatmates. Other people have written about me:
"not only is he super easy going with an open attitude, it’s also nice to experience this usualy hippyish character mixed with an settled and forward oriented way of living."
"that kind of guy which you meet for the first time and you feel like you have been friends for ever... easy going, interested in German culture and language, clean and helpful."

I start a new job on Munich in January, with Hotel Augustin, just a few steps from your apartment.

Would love to hear back :)

Cheers,
Kauri

Ting
Regarding move-in date, I start work 13 Jan so ideally it would be then - but I could arrange temporary accommodation if required. When are you thinking to move out? 

I am currently in Munich until Tuesday so we could link up tomorrow to check out the flat.
What's the situation with the landlord, who is it, what's the tenant structure?
What documentation will I need to provide?


##### Deinstag 28. November

Ich komme aus Neuseelend, ich war Bauingenieur Tragwerksplanung vor feur Jahre.
Aber ich hatte eine flüchtige Erfahrung in einer Herberge, die mich inspirierte, eine Karriere im Hotelgewerbe zu machen.

__________________

Hallo Stephanie,

Wie geht's? Es ist eine Weile her, ich bleibe züruck in Deutschland und lerne hart die Sprache :)
Ich wurde euch gerne in Overath besuchen, villeicht für manche Tage um nächte Wochenende, wile ich Julie auch erwischen möchte. Vie geht das dir und den Mädchen?

Cheers,
Kauri

It's been a while but I'm back in Germany and studying hard the language :) I'm thinking of coming to Overath to visit you, maybe for a some days next weekend since I would like to catch Julia as well! How would that suit you and the girls?



Cheers,
Kauri

##### Samstag 25. November

I am creating Anki flash cards for the German language, and you are going to help me design the cards. Assume that our student is generally familiar with only the most common nouns, verbs and prepositions in German. When I present you a German word, you will present me with a number of simple sentences or sentence fragments utilizing this word in a simple, natural context; along with a simple english translation resembling the sentence structure as close as practicable.

If I provide you with a noun, you will repeat the word, along with the most common translation(s), then provide two examples. Prefer singular, but if plural is very common, then you can use plural. Utilize nominative, accusative and dative cases. For example: 
Me: das Haus
You: das Haus
the house
Das Haus ist groß und schön.
The house is big and beautiful.
Wir haben ein neues Haus gekauft.
We have bought a new house.
Ich gehe zum Haus meiner Oma.
I am going to my grandma's house.

User
If I provide you with a verb, you will repeat the word, along with the most common translation(s), then provide six examples, utilizing basic forms of the verb.
Two examples: Utilize the conjugated, first-person plural present case.
Two examples: Utilizes the auxiliary and participle.
Two examples: Utilizes the Infinitive (past tense)
For example:
Me: warten
You: warten
to wait
Ich muss auf den Zug warten.
I must wait for the train.
Haben Sie hier schon lange gewartet?
Have you been waiting here long?
Ich warte für meine Freunde.
I am waiting for my friends.

Let's start with:
die Blume

Can you format these so i can copy into a spreadsheet? Two columns only, one for German and one for English. Include an additional row for the original word and translation.





##### Fritag 24. November

Hello Romina,

Thankyou, I had a few comments about your offer. Happy to chat about it on the phone!

I will be available for employment from mid-January, say the 13th.

I would be expecting closer to €2,500/mo, in line with comparable roles advertised in Munich, for housekeeping with minimal experience.

I know the accommodation situation in Munich is chaotic however for me a hostel room will not suit. Would it be possible to speak with Andrew about an arrangement? Staff at Euro Youth Hostel are paying ~€260/mo for a basic private room. A competitive market wage and a cost-effective accommodation would make the opportunity much more attractive.

You are more than welcome to speak with my past employers who will testify to my professional competence, approach with clients, work ethic, etc.

Kind regards,

Kauri
+49 176 280 66521

##### Samstag 18. November

Sehr geehrte Frau Nora Steinleitnen,

Herr Elvis Allajbeu und ich hatten gerade eine schöne Besprechung. Leider geht die Position als Frühstückmitarbeiter für mich nicht.

Ich bin immer noch interessiert für die Stelle als Head of F&B. Ich würde gerne nächste Woche vorbeikommen, um Sie zu treffen und mit Ihnen zu teilen, wie meine Fähigkeiten und mein Hintergrund im Ingenieursmanagement und im Gesundheits- und Sicherheitsmanagement zum Team von Wombat's beitragen würden.

viele Grüße,
Kauri Beckmann

Hi Elvis,

Thankyou for your time today. As discussed, unfortunately a position for only one day per week would not suit. 

As described in the application, my skills and background in engineering management and health and safety management align well with the role.
, aber das ist leider nicht für mich möglich. 

##### Donnerstag 16. November

Yes it is currently very off?? while I am in the middle of my sample collection phase.

Danke Juliet, Ich habe Unsicherheit uber die näschte woche (finde ich später eine Jugendherberge). Komme ich nach München zu treffe mit Freunden und eine coupfel präsumative Arbeitgeber. Wie ist ihre Schedule in der Woche? Ich liebe noch zu treffen, villeicht würde ich kommen zu kochen ein Essen in einer anderen Nacht?

Ob ich richtig gedenke, du hattest im Juli Proben-sammel Phase beginnen sollen? Hahah, was gibt?


Also you can sleep in my wohngemeinshaft

Unfortunately I won't be there this weekend because during the day I collect samples and in the evenings I'm with Gordon at the theatre - so, full schedule.

We can tomorrow afternoon either meet at my house or by the Institute fur the key transfer; I don't know how long I'll have to work for.

Ok, dankeschön! 


Hello Mr Fischnaller,

I'm disappointed to hear that. From our meeting I thought the role would be a great fit - I would appreciate your feedback to understand what has let me down in the application.

I would also still be open to another interview if I can clear up any doubts about my capabilities or motivations. I am in Munich for some days if you would like to meet in person.

Cheers,
Kauri


Hallo Mr Fischnaller,

Es enttäuscht mir, das zu hören. Aus unsere Besprechung ich habe positive Einstellung gedacht - ich würde Feedback schätzen, zu verstehen was mich die Bewerbung enttäuschen hat.

Ich bin noch offen zu ein anderes Gespräch wenn ich Zweifel über meiner Kompetenz oder Motivationen aufklären kann. Ich bleibe jetzt für einige Tage in Munchen, wenn Sie persönlich sich treffen möchten.

viele Grüße,
Kauri Beckmann

