---
layout: post
author: Kauri Beckmann
title: Notepad
lang: English
version: Secret
ref: Notepad
---

##### Friday 16. February

Well, that's been a little while since you've written.

Since then, you've:

Been to Cologne. Twice.
Went to the Cologne Karneval. On a Saturday, it was with Lucie and her high school friends Mona, Emily and Charlotte. On the Sunday, it was with 

##### Saturday 27. January

Hi Geoff,

Thanks for your message. You hear correctly; I'm ready to kick my engineering career off here in London! I had a read about GSE and your projects and naturally I would be interested in hearing more about a suitable position. Have you also seen my resume? I have attached it for you in case. You can reach me at +44 7521 420 561.

Cheers,
Kauri

##### Wednesday 17. January

Hi Ahmed,

Please put me through for the following companies:


Whitby Wood
Elliott Wood
Cundall
Ingleton Wood
Design 4 Structures
Simpson TWS
Eckersley O'Callaghan
Price & Myers

ANd later,

Michael Barclay Partnership
Campbell Reith
Lyons O'Neill




##### Monday 15. Januar

Hi Graham,

Thanks for the list, and thanks again for your time.

These are the companies I'm really keen on.
BDP, Meinhardt, Bakerhicks, HTS
Which are undertaking the types of projects I'm keen on, embracing a modern approach to design as well as modern culture and good opportunity for development.

I couldn't get a clear read on MWP. Seems they do some really captivating projects. However for a reasonably small company they seem to offer a ton of services, worried they stretch too thin. They also have two websites that contradict each other often.
https://www.mwp.ie
https://www.mwpeng.co.uk
What do you think? What's their reputation like?

L+C, Perega, Symmetry and Fairhurst I would not be not interested in. 

Cheers,
Kauri


##### Friday 12. Januar 2024

Jane St Puzzle

Steps:
1) Define coordinate system (x,y) (0,0) to (17,17)
2) Define shape: 




##### Friday 12. Januar 2024

* Linkedin Application - in-house recruitment

Hi [Henry],

I'm a structural engineer from New Zealand with 5 years' experience, primarily in low-rise residential and commercial design. I've been travelling for the last 12 months and am now looking to pick up my career in London. I came across your job posting for a Senior Structural Engineer role with [Foster+Partners] and figured the role seems a good fit. You'll find my resume attached. I have a work visa.

Cheers,
Kauri Beckmann
+44 7521 420 561


* Linkedin - external recruitment

Hi xx,

I'm a structural engineer from New Zealand with 5 years' experience, primarily in low-rise residential and commercial design. I've been travelling for the last 12 months and am now looking to pick up my career in London. I have a work visa.

Since you're advertising suitable roles I figured I'd reach out. I've attached my resume - feel free to give me a ring at +44 7521 420 561.

Cheers,
Kauri

I'm a structural engineer from New Zealand. I just applied for a role you're advertising - but I'd be keen to hear about other opportunities too. Happy to chat!

* Email short cover letter

Hi,

I'm a structural engineer from New Zealand with 5 years' experience, primarily in low-rise residential and commercial design, in both new build and alterations. I note this aligns nicely with the work you do. I've been travelling for the last 12 months and am now looking to pick up my career in London. I have a UK work visa.

I didn't find a role that's an exact match but I trust you're always on the lookout for engineering talent. I've attached my CV. Love to hear back - feel free to give me a ring at +44 7521 420 561.

Cheers,
Kauri


* Struct. Technician - Revit

Hi,

I'm a Structural Engineer from New Zealand with 5 years' experience in residential and commercial design. I've been travelling for the last 12 months and am now looking to pick up my career in London. I have a UK work visa.

I have a strong desire to develop into BIM, as this is the future of Engineering. The shift towards BIM brings about a fundamental change in the way we approach structural design, emphasizing collaboration, data integration, and a comprehensive understanding of the project from the outset. I'm applying for this role because of AECOM's excellent track record in delivering BIM projects. I'm confident my background in Structural Engineering gives me the skills to easily transition into a structural technician role.

Looking forward to hearing back.

Cheers,
Kauri Beckmann

___

I better understand now why starting with a focus BIM modelling (as opposed to modelling analyses) is a wise approach, that restructuring workflows is an essential part of BIM design. The shift towards BIM brings about a fundamental change in the way we approach structural design, emphasizing collaboration, data integration, and a comprehensive understanding of the project from the outset.

BIM modelling isn't so different from modelling in Revit, right? Different from what we normally deliver, in terms of the information deliverable. Through formatting the CAD file as per the BIM Execution Plan and performing the specified data exchanges, you create the Common Data Environment. It's kind-of just structural drafting in Revit, except doing it "properly" with BIM compatibility and reciprocal data from the Common Data Environment?

___


Hi Graham,

I'm a structural engineer from New Zealand with 5 years' experience. I see you're recruiting for jobs that seem a good match. Keen to share my resume with you.

Cheers,
Kauri

* Why do you want to work for WSP?




##### Donnerstag 11. Januar 2024

Jade's flat: Ideas

* Look out for cheap home goods including TOOLS
* Sliding doors to create living bedroom
* Toilet installation - switchboard relocation required?? Alternative??
* Under stairs - probably best for shoes, build shoe rack. How to maximise accessible space behind?
* Knocking down wall is not happening

* Excel spreadsheet for tracking incomings and outgoings
 * Look up key reporting metrics
 * What does it need to do: 

  * Income cash flow:
   * Rental income
    * Tenancies: names, monthly agreements
   * Alternative income streams, eg Airbnb
   * 

  * Expense cash flow:
   * Mortgage interest
   * Maintenance & repairs
    * Needs its own section of expenses where 
   * Insurance
   * Service charges etc
   * Property taxes
   * Depreciation??
   * Household expenses to be kept separately!

  * Investment performance - tie in existing spreadsheet
   * Renovation costs
   * Furnishing costs
    * Depreciation, chattels
   * House price growth
   * Initial price + costs
   * Mortgage repayments




##### Mittwoch 10. Januar 2024

Tell me about yourself

About Barratt Homes:
17,206 new homes last year - fantastic performance despite the wild times, growing revenue

Investors -> Financial performance -> Land approval plots
* 2019, 2021 and 2022 ~ 18,500 Land approval plots per annum
* 2020 was a bad year
* 2023 has had... negative 812 Land approval plots?
 * Am I missing something? What's happening this year? This is a mistake, right?

Barratt is focussed primarily on single residential units comprising 1-4 bedrooms, looking at some of the showcases appears to be primarily low-density housing. Urban sprawl and suburbanisation are closely linked with car ownership, public transport and walkability, issues. Which is why UK's wider building planning strategy favours a more compact, high-density, and mixed-use urban form.

New Zealand's property market seems reasonably similar to the UK's. I see many similar policies; First home buyers subsidies, Social housing developments, new build subsidies, big promises to deliver new houses. Likewise our markets trend similarly. 

I understand the UK has recently stopped subsidising purchase of new build houses. Similar to New Zealand, in fact. 

Would it be fair to call this low or medium density housing?

Land planning:
https://www.barrattcareers.co.uk/experienced-professionals/land-planning
* 

Website bugs:
* 0% recommend to a friend, 0% approve of CEO
 * https://www.barrattcareers.co.uk/
* Investors -> Financial performance -> Land approval plots
 * 2023 has had... negative 812 Land approval plots? why...?
* menu bug
 * https://www.barrattdevelopments.co.uk


Questions:
What is Barratt Homes doing in terms of creating efficiencies?
* Minimising design costs: no design required is ideal
 * I'm familiar with having "template" building layouts that are selected based on the site
  * Of course, NZ is rather mountaineous, so challenges around flat ground
  * Foundations often need SED
  * Alterations to the superstructure layout require design amendments and add unnecessary cost and complexity
How does Barratt manage their designs; what systems do you use to maximise time and material efficiency?
What is Barratt doing in terms of Building Information Modelling?



Property development in New Zealand

Government initiative KiwiBuild, aimed to deliver affordable homes.
Political and practical disaster, primarily due to delays, such as:

    Land procurement
    Resource shortages
    Finance and funding issues
    Design challenges
    Bureaucratic regulatory issues; Some of these issues we witnessed first-hand.

However in recent years it has picked up rapidly
Good engineering work for our company

Now Kiwibuild is seconding in-house designers - architects, engineers, etc. In a different world I might have joined them.


We worked often on these projects
For me it was from a structural engineering design perspective
    I also oversaw and managed the civil and geotechnical design
    And I had close exposure to the architectural design 
Tell a story

